everybody welcome back to in Lyon please
the binding of issac after birth plus um
I'm going to start doing eating runs
again and that definitely has nothing to
do with the fact that there's a scrub
video where I random the lost and lost
like 15 milliseconds in I think I need
to reset a dag that's me smashing the
reset button right there it's a very
fleshy sounding button 6x 3 3 Faysal
can't you hear me
Faysal you're putting me through has OH
Faysal okay that's Ned Flanders in a
streetcar named March from The Simpsons
one of probably like 20 Simpsons
episodes where I remember the name James
West came in the West so remember the
James grapes tart is eating here I'm not
saying we're saying goodbye to the
randoms but I sincerely random to lost
gotten mine flooded and lost on the
first boss fight and the freaking boss
was Ragman champion version who summons
infinity spiders and I was like well I'm
going to give it a show I'm dead ok so I
think being Eden for a while on this
themed remember the bean run it's a good
chance for us to hit the reset button
plus we get to be zany on the last
canonical episode non-daily we did get
to appreciate a brand new item and that
was awesome that was a nice little
opportunity for us to have a fresh
experience doesn't always happen in
Isaac these days so I'm sincerely
grateful for the opportunity telepathy
has risen the leaderboards the Power
Rankings if you will for my personal
items of choice and I'm quite fond of
the effect that it had on our last run
this run is amazing you don't need me to
tell you that I'm sure but especially
now that we've gotten 1 HP like we're
actually in a dominant position with a
very good rate of fire very good damage
at least for spawning a pretty not
amazing space bar item but that's
largely irrelevant because of the fact
that we're you know doing so well
statistically even our speed is I mean
like I've really started to hate speed
when we get down to below 1 for some
reason there's like a mental block
it's like if I have one speed life's
fine if I have zero point nine nine
speed Oh Tyrone your game is so cruel
why do you do this to me see I'm not
above any of you you know I I recognize
my own my own faults and caricatures for
certain hey here's my impression of
northernlion played five thousand hours
of this freakin game
oh I die every time see like we've
missed my impression of Northern Line Oh
self-effacing commentary and then insult
somebody else that it feels like it's
not an insult because the insulted
himself first okay we need to bomb and
then we're in a good spot but let's get
this be able to devil first okay okay
okay
there's our bomb you know what let's not
get the deal with the devil first
because we have unlimited bombs as a
result of this bomb we'll use that to
pick up one real bomb and honestly
rarely do we get a chance mothers of my
minder is one of these keys bigger than
the other one we rarely get a chance to
use ace of spades productively this was
a really good time to use it I got to
stop thinking of it as like the get 20
Keys option I think it's the get two
Keys option so the 1up I got to be
honest I doubt it's going to be that
amazing but it's kind of a nice get for
us considering how I've been playing
lately and the golden chests turned out
fine let's use golden bombs to crap on
this boss oh it's we got a freaking
Ouroboros man almost done so really nice
ending to this floor don't pick that up
yet we can even now we can't die and
then make it work but demon baby is
worth taking the plunge here I think
we're going to get a luck upgrade which
is going to take us a to luck I didn't
even notice but our luck stat is like
actually good as well and honestly this
runs off to the races this is kind of
what I needed I think is to take a
little break from random who would have
thought a random would be more difficult
than having a random you know gets on
your character I guess the answer is
probably pretty much everybody but
you know I'm not pretty much everybody I
think we've established that for better
or for worse right now
yeah those Kaos thank you appreciated
lovers card does nothing to be fair the
nine-volt is also sweet as heck for us
right now because we could use a Giga
fart every time it shows up or in every
room I should say dark princess crown is
for whatever reason actually like a
pretty okay get right now we have
exactly the amount of HP we need to have
to make this work so I would not suggest
this is a good item but I would suggest
that this is like the best time for it
so with unlimited bombs we might as well
get 9 volt I mean our donation machine
is at 914 cents so feeling like this is
probably a shrewd move maybe less when
you blow yourself up but you get the
idea let's go one more here the tower
not what I'm looking for that's okay
though and we're going to go down this
is actually a really really good
position what's important to remember is
I should not give a crap about keeping
dark Prince's crown like it's an okay
tiers upgrade and I mean range in shot
speed but who cares it's an okay tiers
upgrade but if we can get something that
improves upon our run we should take it
even if it does come with HP and we
might just want to pick up HP by itself
as well so slightly more controversial
choice I guess but considering we're
going to have decent chances to get rid
of the HP I think it's not a bad idea
dude we can actually use the love tubes
once per wave thanks to nine volt and
the change to these mob trap rooms it's
pretty sweet nine volt probably becomes
a marginally better item as a result of
that change I will say I think that
change makes perfect sense it maybe it
makes the game very very very slightly
easier
who cares you know apparently the
hardest game in the world right now so
we have a huge positive for us I mean if
bas thrush can give you charges and it
gives you two charges why not have that
room give you some love too so this
floor we honestly don't need much if we
could get DPS without actually raising
so good we can get DPS without actually
raising our are tears re our HP that
would be for the best probably also for
the best if I don't pull it was a little
close if I don't walk into bullets or
enemies otherwise this guys are close
calls right now he's going to use we got
to kill the goose
and since we have chaos honestly who
cares about a deal with the devil now
that I think about it should instead
just you know get as many possible item
pedestals as we can easy money and the
shop is actually probably the easiest
way for us to do that because if we get
chaos restock and one steam sale we can
buy like 30 items if we get chaos
restock to steam sales we can buy every
item that's ever existed in the game and
you'd be surprised it has happened that
was a terrible play this is where we
always seem to lose it lately just hold
it together hold yourself together sit
your butt down
grab this grab this and then go in there
for a little easy action
I guess those enemies don't do contact
damage to one another which is a bummer
I should still be using this fart like
once per room aw dude I don't think you
fight the angel statue but I'm going to
fight the angel statue Thank You infamy
why fight the angel statue first off you
phrase that as a full sentence yes why
are you fighting the angel statue well
I'm hoping somehow it gives me like a
golden chest or something that's the big
draw here it didn't gave me a single
penny I use like 30 cents worth of bombs
to fight it but still think this item
you know the kidney bean is not that is
this the kidney bean the other ones just
the bean right this is a haricot Druze
as far as I'm concerned let's go follow
bandages is lovely the problem is it's
even if we're able to use it once per
room it's very situational like we need
to use it against enemies that are not
the only enemy on the room otherwise
it's just kind of like a needless charm
and even if we use it on enemies that
are not alone on their room some of
those enemies don't damage each other
and even if they do they sometimes won't
even be able to pass fine to one another
but now you got to give it a shot
nonetheless the hourglass once per room
I think is probably worse but it's kind
of close I wish there was a bean
transformation that is like if you got
two beans you got all the beans I was
going to say passively but now that I
think about it doesn't really make any
sense so the big get on this floor so
far is actually the one that has nothing
to do with chaos weirdly enough if we go
back and look at the you know like
selection of items that we've gotten so
far I think sincerely Bal advantages is
the big winner
not enough to really ride home about but
certainly useful for us and tight dodge
there if if boss rush becomes doable is
probably going to be as a result of our
orbital helping us here so that was
probably the worst single use of a beam
related item I've ever seen in my life
there we go it's a little bit of a
slower floor but it will be faster than
if we done two separately so does the
kidney bean do any damage it seems like
it might do some damage in which case I
give it a little bit more street cred
which I'm the arbiter of street cred
most people don't know everybody's
always asking how do you get street cred
the answer is you've got to earn it with
me and street cred isn't free it costs a
buck oh five would like to pick up some
bombs I would like to get our second
item room and I'd like to have enough
money to make our shop give us something
but beggars can't be choosers I suppose
I'm not really begging I mean I'm kind
of working for it here this is a shop
what's so chaotic about this this is
just a shop at least we got good value
there we needed the bomb anyway so
that's pretty big positive could be a
secret room but I'm not really
interested in spending our bomb on that
I'll spend a bomb here this is like you
know spend a bomb workshop grab that to
sense great return on our investment far
down each other at least you're not you
know pathfinding towards me okay I'm
excited but cautiously optimistic it's
like when you're a kid on Christmas or
whatever holiday you celebrate you know
you asked for a gameboy color and then
pokemon red or something like that you
open the first present your parents give
you it's pokemon red you think in your
head my god I've got pokemon red but no
gameboy color I'm putting the pieces
together you know there's going to be a
GBC probably with the pikachu togepi on
it special edition under that christmas
tree otherwise your parents got ripped
off by the sales associate of Toys R Us
and it's not the ones not good without
the other we talked about the the song
love and marriage
love and marriage love and marriage goes
together like a horse and carriage this
I tell you brother you can't have one
without the other you sure about that
though I think you can have one without
the other
certainly I think you can mean maybe I'm
looking too much into the lyrics here
but this is like an American classic
right so I think it's worthy of a little
criticism we all agree I assume you can
have one without the other
certainly you can have love without
marriage marriage is a legal construct a
religious construct you know a lot of
people fall in love for the first time I
like high school can't get married
depending on what part of the you know
United States you live in at least I
can't get married but you can still be
in love I believe that I don't want this
plan C okay I will take push pin though
certainly you can have marriage without
love as well you know that's why there's
divorce I'm just starting to think that
song is honestly full of nonsense as far
as I'm concerned I don't even get me
started we go off on a song lyric
tangent I'm going to be here all day
maybe that's what we want from now
actually all I want to do is have some
fun I got a feeling I'm not the only one
I did so well on that room until that
moment where this is this is the new
Isaac and I don't know why this is the
case but every single run has no damage
upgrades so you better spawn in with
something half decent is eating because
damage upgrades just do not exist
apparently anymore you will have base
stats in the DPS department until the
end of the game I don't know if every
damaged item has been moved into like a
special tool or something like that but
air okay Nancy
the real secret is all you got to do is
complain to get what you want
you just got mined flooded by the best
of them buddy so we have one up for
certain
why I'm going for broke here I regret
everything he has not done it did pick
up some cash though
worth it no highly highly no let's go
worth it absolutely um so growth
hormones allows me to stave off the
complaining for a little bit here for
certain but we are you know still
fighting I'm still fighting for our
chance at greatness here we got to go to
the shop to the shop is you know deal
with the devil item central especially
with chaos we can get anything there and
if we can get to restock I'm loving life
although we're a little bit light on
cash might be good to fight greed
instead and get a Steam sale and then
maybe by the time we get to the void
floor sorry the hush floor although both
are about equally plausible right now if
I'm being honest Thank You infamy it's
really nice we charm an enemy and then
they spawn and instead of shooting at
you they shoot at you I think I've been
mentally floodable in these recent Isaac
episodes and it's up to us to you know
break that trend because it's a little
embarrassing getting beaten is bad by a
video game that you know you've had a
100-something streak in this run is at
present currently acceptable we'd like
to improve our stats a little bit and in
a permanent way because the real problem
right now is more so that you know a lot
of our sadly a lot of our upgrades are
tied up in dark Prince's crown which is
actually like it's temporary although it
might not seem like it so the same is
lovely and a two of spades I think was
well worth it I was kind of hoping it'd
be Joker card but that's fine I think
we're good to go out of this floor we
are sort of banking on a deal with the
devil but we need a teleport card in
order to really make that pop off I
don't want to go this way but I have no
idea where we're supposed to go
there is Plan C Plan C with one up Plan
C that's a chief Wiggum wife from the
television program The Simpsons these
are third lyrics to the Simpsons theme
song the theme since the Simpsons theme
song same same theme sound my god he's
invented a new tongue twister there
hasn't been one of those for millennia
Simpsons theme song Simpsons theme song
alright maybe it's not that
tongue-twisting how do we make a same
work to our advantage
well the sensible option should spawn
charmed enemies dang it the sensible
option is to never use it until he gets
hit naturally and then pick up as many
black cards as we can get but you know
already that the fact that I said that
that's the sensible way means there's no
chance that's what's going to actually
happen to it diamonds probably beats the
devil card considering our cash
situation I really want to go to that
unless it's good let's get out of here
probably we're going to miss boss rush
and I think we should accept that as
necessary cost of doing business in
today's America we're going to head down
to the next floor curse of the unknown
we know we got one read hard if we ever
go down a half I was it predicted me we
ever go down a half a red hard will lose
our tear bonus so we will know pretty
darn quickly
I actually don't know if that's true now
that I think about it definitely if we
go down to zero red hearts by like you
know using W spars something like that
or trading a Hardaway we'll lose our
bonus but I still think it's the right
thing to do because HP is so easy to
come by
I'm actually like zero percent worried
about boss rushin we can make it and if
we get into the boss room at you know
like 1910 I'll probably try to make it
regardless of our our teleport card
situation just it's nice to know what's
in there this is a good opportunity to
take some synergies out of to a diamonds
and certainly we don't need the key
all that's the moneymaker now we're at
34 cents this is where you hit me up
with a fad restock and we ball out of
control key bagger is not good enough I
mean we're going to use to a diamonds
probably right now so torn photo is good
enough let's double up and then give you
my last bomb dad's keys not good enough
a pacifier might be although I think
we're probably at the tier capsule let's
bust past that we all want the HP we
don't have any other fly items so it
turns out Polaroid wasn't even worth it
because it didn't bust through our tear
cap but if we can ever break the to your
cap we can make up for it
that's good I don't think we care about
revenge fly I sort of care about a
revenge fly but I don't care enough and
the HP we don't want at least not yet we
definitely want pentagram okay so I
think you go for the free deal with the
devil item first and buy free deal with
the devil item I have to apologize for
my broken brain and say what I actually
mean is free item room item which could
be a deal with the devil a sad Baum's
not a deal with the devil but a lovely
item nonetheless
now is there a shopkeeper in here there
is not so we're going to go if there was
a shopkeeper I would have blown them up
and tried to get a teleport card alright
look sounds hmm maybe better off of the
orbital I don't care enough about boss
rush to put us at risk it's not a daily
is that what I need to say is that the
magic code word for me to play better in
Isaac it's not a daily didn't make it I
sorry I didn't make a deal with the
devil but we definitely didn't make boss
rush sad bombs sack of sex bomb bag halo
flies these are not good enough to
justify going forth so we'll save our
chance for the hush fight instead of
course you probably would have at least
lost our 1up if we'd gone there so
well we got a black card out of that so
I'm going to take that as a pretty nice
positive guys are pretty annoying that
we should go back through sad box duel
we've discovered the greatest enemy to
charm of course we'll probably never see
them again but ignoring that that enemy
is dynamite I don't know I mean I guess
I should respect that the love toots are
at least dealing damage you can't have
one without the other cheese and
crackers see I'm saying they go well
together don't get me wrong I'm a
beneficiary of both right now I love my
wife and I'm married to my wife so I got
I got one with the other that's great
but I am just saying cheese and crackers
go real nice together you can have
crackers without cheese and you can have
cheese without crackers sometimes you
can have crackers that have the cheese
built inside of them I don't even know
what the analog for that is I'm just
saying I don't like this is a tears
downgrade and 80 keys for a loss of HP
that was terrible that it damaged there
but I think this is definitely 100
percent now worth going forward we have
nine bombs they are sad bomber boy bombs
bomber boy very deadly so we have to be
careful but also very good for us
like as you can see quite a lot of
damage
now coincidentally these are the worst
enemies in history to charm apparently
the ones that actually smack are like
non-stop greatness but those ones are
trash are we going to do the hush fight
the odds are not looking great right now
if I'm being real with you okay still
sort of work but not what I was looking
for probably a secret room but honestly
our bombs are more valuable than any
secret room right now
you live come I can't believe that the
linchpins of this run might end up being
the kidney bean combined with dark
Prince's crown like that just goes to
show you when things are working out for
you any item can be a game breaker you
know we need dude every bomb is worth
its own weight in gold here which is
like a bomb probably weighs like you
know five kilograms or something like
that okay that was a little stupid
button and I mean five kilograms I'd be
happy I got no concept of how much a
bomb should actually weigh but five
kilograms of gold that's a lot of money
if you got a bag of gold that you can
only carry for like half an hour
ain't like in your hand
I'm not look probably carrying more than
four five kilograms for more than half
an hour I'm just making a generalization
here
that's enough gold to you know keep you
rich for life that gold can carry you
for a lifetime
potentially I don't know maybe that's
why I only accept donations in the form
of gold bullion first off because we all
know the banks are collapsing and you
know fiduciary insurance who even knows
if that's going to hold when the you
know whole system goes on trial etc
etcetera or make an amazing time but I
am slightly concerned about my survival
chances here not against mom's hard
that's like a given but just in general
dude what's the fascination with these
key related items here
I know clips said they open doors but
it's too much I don't want it I I need
the tears up great well maybe I don't
because we're already like above the
tears cab but I prefer having the red
heart right now so I think
if an enemy is even mildly annoying you
should crank on him with a bomb even
like a room like that I didn't expect to
get everything killed but just to take
care of the pennies and the pounds
hopefully while then later we have to
manually take care of the pounds again
but you get the idea okay don't really
care about dad even this is a candidate
for using a bomb the only reason I'm not
doing it is because we've used them on
two in a row now
and I would like more we did have the
chance to take bomb bag from boss rush
we could have taken it the problem is
that if we had taken bomb bag we then
that was lucky we then would have had to
fight boss rush the odds are we probably
would have died oh this is free bombs
and then after we died we would have had
1 HP so it might have been the right
call like every bomb that we get is a
free room done more or less for now but
it carried an inherent risk as well dude
we have to take mr. boom this is the
right opportunity for mr. boom to pop
off once per room bomber boy sad bombs
yeah okay so first thing we've done with
mr. boom has hurt ourselves but that
just goes to show you how powerful it is
even I'm not shielded from its
incredible effects this might look like
a self-destructive run but it's actually
gorgeous like this is an unbelievably
strong run I really really do not want
to lose this life tonight oh okay well
guess else didn't give me a black card
that's not how that worked ok hpe yeah
nailed it three keys you might have
misheard me they do rhyme
that was a 1-up not a Guppies pop I'm
begging you
he's done it alright that room scared
the shit out of me I said the S word
that's how you know it got me and then I
got a freaking spirit heart out of it
you know it to be true HP let's go the
bombs are still nice but HP let's go
let's go half heart don't mind a fight
to go play this guy thanks for the free
money sucker it's immoral the lettuce
sucker keep its money especially when
it's a blood sucker let's go oh look at
that luck we got so close to the brink
now's where we bring it back don't walk
on the spikes I'll never forgive myself
let's go
get dusted I'm just repeating
battlegrounds things I asked a good game
not that Isaac is is but like come on
man you know comparing apples and agaves
there they both got a in the name but
ain't the same fruit you know so I
actually hate that we might as well take
this
you never know dude worth it I saw my
own life flash before my eyes I looked
into that room I stared God himself in
the face and I said you're gonna do me
like that god that in that narrow room
three champion vaginal bomb flies on a
run I was enjoying was a good play no I
would say probably not was a terrible
play no I will overcome New Eden run
coming next time thanks for watching
hope you enjoyed it particularly to like
but now said a great deal of course
subscribe to us you are the future for
now thanks for watching and I will see
you next time